Charlene Bollinger: Have you ever thought
of fasting as a method to heal your body?
Why is it that fasting is mentioned over 40
times in the Bible?
Our colleague and friend Dr. Edward Group,
founder of the Global Healing Center, and
his team have dug into past documents and
have found extensive information on fasting.
Ty Bollinger: Watch the upcoming video and
find out what they discovered about water
only fasting, which Dr. Group also calls the
most cost effective method of healing in the
entire world.
Enjoy and be sure to watch all the way to
the end.
Dr. Group: So, I actually hired a research
scientist to work with me all year long and
to find all of the information they could
possibly find on fasting, trying to dig up
all those documents from the past and put
everything together and see.
Because what I want to talk about is hardcore
fasting.
I mean there’s a lot of talk about ketogenic
and juice fasting, and that’s all fine,
but I’m like looking for what is a hardcore
method that’s been used for a long period
of time?
And I didn’t really know a lot about it,
or at least didn’t dig into the history
of it, but this guy worked all day long every
single day for almost a year with me to try
to pull up and find a lot of the information
that was out there.
So, what I found I want to share with you
today, which is incredible because looking
at some of these old doctors that have spent
years and years in the past with doing water
fasting protocols.
This is a bold statement, but think about
if you could really eliminate disease for
$1.99 a day.
That would be pretty cool.
That’s how much a gallon of water costs,
right?
I mean if you think back at the benefits of
water, I mean how many times do we talk about
water?
It’s weird that I’ve been doing all this
fasting all year, and then all of a sudden,
Hurricane Harvey, I’m from Houston, comes
in and just goes “Here’s a bunch of water,”
that just goes “whoosh” and rinses everything
out and my house floods, and it’s just like
I’m going through this cleansing process
and then my environment gets cleansed with
water, too, which has actually been a great
experience.
You don’t hear too many people saying that,
but it’s great to just kind of have a good
cleansing of your life every now and then.
It just puts things into perspective in reality.
And the more I study fasting, I’ve been
telling people, “Well, how would you like
to get $120,000 stem cell treatment for free?”
I mean your body is so powerful.
Your body has the power to heal itself.
I’ve always been talking about the self-healing
mechanism and how effective it is.
And looking back at religious texts doing
research, I mean I think the Bible mentions
fasting over 40 times.
And people didn’t have a lot of medicinal
herbs and different methods of healing themselves
a long time ago.
So, I used to be one of those doctors that
had 400 different vitamin supplements in my
cabinet.
And it’s weird, after 25 years, I’m coming
back to simplicity again.
Like everything is in simplicity.
Your body wants to heal itself and it’s
not really that hard to heal from any disease.
And the abstinence of food really is the definition
of fasting.
You know?
There’s juice fasting, there’s intermittent
fasting.
I like all of those.
But water-only fasting is to me probably the
most cost-effective method of healing in the
world.
Dr. Group: So, fasting was God’s original
medicine.
I mean if you look at the flood, Noah, all
that stuff, water, not only did people in
the past, whether it’s Egyptian, Ayurvedic,
every society fasts.
But it was also a staple used for spiritual
reasons and purification.
Everything’s about purification, you know?
If you’re pure.
That’s why detoxing and cleansing always
works.
And doctors that have been around for ages
will tell you that if the body’s pure, the
body’s healthy.
And if you look back at some of the methods
years and years ago, what did they have?
I mean all of this stuff that’s been created
recently with the food and all this other
stuff is damaging to us.
But really, all they had was sunlight, water,
air, and rest.
And that alone, the reason I don’t have
food in there is because food wasn’t a big
staple a long time ago because animals, when
they’re sick or they’re ill, they fast.
And anybody who was sick a long time ago didn’t
really utilize a lot of food.
So, we’re taught to eat several meals a
day.
And the more that I started getting into this
and looking at this covert agenda between
the USDA and the FDA and the American Dietetic
Association, all these associations, big pharma,
big agriculture, I mean there’s literally
been a covert agenda that’s been happening
for a long time to create fear in us that
if we don’t eat we will die.
Not only that, but all the chemicals and all
the poisoning of the food and everything else.
So, I kept asking myself “Why are so many
people scared of fasting?
Why are so many people scared not to eat?
Why do they think that something’s going
to happen to their body if they don’t eat?”
I started talking to people and asking them,
“I’m just going to starve.”
But all of this conditioning that’s been
done for years and years and years is what
we need to kind of get out of our mind.
And then I was saying “Why aren’t doctors
using fasting?”
Well, first of all, they’re taught that
it’s dangerous, that you’re going to starve,
that you’re going to have a mineral deficiency,
that you’re going to waste away, that you
need a bunch of protein in your system.
And it really is kind of a dark secret of
the medical community, because if you look
at the past and how everything’s been structured
with those relationships with the food industry
and the big pharma industry, it’s all designed
really to keep us sick.
It really all revolves around money.
And that’s why.
Why are they going to teach fasting in medical
school?
Why are they going to teach you how you can
get rid of any disease, not like Down syndrome
and stuff, but any degenerative disease?
Because there’s no money in it.
As I was working with my research scientist
trying to find documentation on fasting, one
thing led to another and led to another and
led to another, and it was really hard to
find stuff.
I mean we know, because of all the research
and all the books on natural medicine from
the 1800s, even back to the 1600s, when you
look at Paracelsus and you look at Pythagoras,
who had made his students fast for 30 days
before he even accepted him as a student.
It’s been going on for a long time.
But all of those books, all of those books
were pretty much taken and burned by the pharmaceutical
companies because they don’t want to give
you the information that you need so your
body can be healthy.
Now let me tell you, it’s been amazing that
we’ve been able to track down some of these
old documents and some of these successes.
Some doctors that did over 100,000 supervised
water fasts.
I’ve read so many case studies on water
fasting of what it can do to the body and
how fast the body regenerates.
And I put some in here to share with you how
powerful it actually is.